[Music]
welcome to another episode of seven men
in marketing with Pam
my name is Pam dinner I love sharing a
little dose of b2b digital content
marketing and sales enablement seven
minutes at a time well being interview
for podcast I was asked a great question
hey Pam so you roll a sales enablement
book from a marketer's perspective that
sounds great and all but how can
marketers really benefit from supporting
sales great question I like to address
that at two different levels one at the
micro level and the olivine is at a
macro level so at the micro level like I
said with the rise of digital the
boundaries of sales and marketing are
disappearing in the past
email marketing was done exclusively by
marketers now sales can run their own
customized and personalized meaning
email campaigns straight out of the stra
M systems another example is social
media social media is not a marketers
tool anymore sales are using it for
social listenings and social selling
even customer services are using it to
answer customers questions real time
through supporting insight sales and the
post sales you as a marketer learn how
the other groups use your marketing
channels you get to know how sales
handle rejections and how customer
services address customers concerns you
can use the knowledge to refine your
buyers persona editorials content
planning even your inbound and outbound
marketing efforts it's win-win as a
macro level marketers career paths may
be limited within marketing departments
supporting sales open additional career
opportunities I know several marketers
that move into sales enablement
operations customer services even
training there are plenty of benefits to
supporting sales for me supporting sales
led to the publication
my second book effective sales
enablement I strongly recommend
marketers work with sales closely
supporting sale is like opening a box of
chocolates you never know what you're
gonna get but you know you're gonna get
something delicious well in some
situation maybe pretty bitter initially
but it gets better over time again semia
marketing questions or thoughts be a
twitter Pam dinner keep hustling my
friends you got this
[Music]